docker/README.md, before:

# The GHC alpine image

We need this image to workaround an issue with the official GHC alpine binary,
see https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/-/issues/20266

We use this image to make static linux binaries.

## Building the image

The tag of the image should be prefixed by the location of the GitHub docker
repository that you're pushing to. In this case the repository is `
ghcr.io/paulcadman`.

```shell
docker build -t ghcr.io/paulcadman/ghc-alpine:9.2.7 -f Dockerfile-ghc-alpine-9.2.7 .
```

## Authenticating with the GitHub Docker repository

First create a classic personal access token with `repo` and `write:packages`
permissions.

Consult the GitHub documentation on how to do this:

https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry#authenticating-to-the-container-registry

Set the token to the variable `CR_PAT` and then authenticate:

```shell
echo $CR_PAT | docker login ghcr.io -u USERNAME --password-stdin
```

NB: You do not substitue your username for `USERNAME` in the command above.

## Testing the image

```shell
docker run -it --rm ghcr.io/paulcadman/ghc-alpine:9.2.7
```

## Pushing the image

```shell
docker push ghcr.io/paulcadman/ghc-alpine:9.2.7

```

Commit message:

Use a parametrized Dockerfile for building GHC docker image

docker/README.md, after:

# The GHC alpine image

We need this image to workaround an issue with the official GHC alpine binary,
see https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/-/issues/20266

We use this image to make static linux binaries.

## Building the image

Update the `ARGS` delcarations at the top of the [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile-ghc-alpine) to match the GHC version you're building for.

The tag of the image should be prefixed by the location of the GitHub docker
repository that you're pushing to. In this case the repository is `
ghcr.io/paulcadman`.

```shell
docker build -t ghcr.io/paulcadman/ghc-alpine:9.2.7 -f Dockerfile-ghc-alpine-9.2.7 .
```

## Authenticating with the GitHub Docker repository

First create a classic personal access token with `repo` and `write:packages`
permissions.

Consult the GitHub documentation on how to do this:

https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry#authenticating-to-the-container-registry

Set the token to the variable `CR_PAT` and then authenticate:

```shell
echo $CR_PAT | docker login ghcr.io -u USERNAME --password-stdin
```

NB: You do not substitue your username for `USERNAME` in the command above.

## Testing the image

```shell
docker run -it --rm ghcr.io/paulcadman/ghc-alpine:9.2.7
```

## Pushing the image

```shell
docker push ghcr.io/paulcadman/ghc-alpine:9.2.7

```
